Add the 2201.3.4 release note (#6411)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.3.4/RELEASE_NOTE.md

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: 2201.3.4 (Swan Lake) 
permalink: /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-4/
active: 2201-3-4
redirect_from: 
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-4
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201.3.4/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-4-swan-lake/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/2201-3-4-swan-lake
---

## Overview of Ballerina Swan Lake 2201.3.4

> <em>Swan Lake 2201.3.4 is the fourth patch release of Ballerina 2201.3.0 (Swan Lake Update 3) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language, language server, and developer tooling.</em>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<em>Swan Lake 2201.3.4 is the fourth patch release of Ballerina 2201.3.0 (Swan Lake Update 3) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the debugger and xml components.</em>
```

<em>Swan Lake 2201.3.4 is the fourth patch release of Ballerina 2201.3.0 (Swan Lake Update 3) and it includes a new set of bug fixes to the language, language server, and developer tooling.</em>

## Update Ballerina

**If you are already using Ballerina 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)**, run either of the commands below to directly update to 2201.3.4 using the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/cli-documentation/update-tool/).

`bal dist update` (or `bal dist pull 2201.3.4`)

**If you are using a version below 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)**, run the commands below to update to 2201.3.4.

1. Run `bal update` to get the latest version of the Update Tool.

2. Run `bal dist update` ( or `bal dist pull 2201.3.4`) to update your Ballerina version to 2201.3.4.

However, if you are using a version below 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) and if you already ran `bal dist update` (or `bal dist pull 2201.3.4`) before `bal update`, see [Troubleshooting](/downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.0.0#troubleshooting) to recover your installation.

## Install Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, then, download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

## Language updates

### Bug fixes

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.3.4 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A2201.3.4+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE).

Reviewer: Shall we remove hyperlinks with 0 issues?
